and II all this shit talk that you've
been making like it's coming back at you
and it's going to be on the rift
I'm drawing right now out front of LCS
for the first interview of 2018 brought
to you by Omni / I'm joined right now by
Steve who is uh well everything's he's
paying back everyone all the debts that
he's uh he's owed them with a victory
over TSM today a pretty confident
victory did you expect that going into
today's game to be 100% honest actually
I thought that we would do very well our
performance and preparation has been
nothing but serious and determined and I
have I think for the first time my I saw
what could be of a team I was in the
dark for quite some time and then when I
saw our team play together in the level
communication and coordination and just
how they operate together I was it was
like a breath of fresh air so going into
this week I knew that we would do well
how well I would say I guess that was a
little bit of a shock that we would roll
over them so hard but we did so if we
can keep that up then I think we've got
a really great shot for the rest of the
season
yeah is this is this a reasonable
expectation to have for what the team's
performance will be like from here on
out or do you think this was like coming
out strong and then we'll sort of see
some ups and downs you know I I have a
little bit of trepidation in making any
kind of expectations that might really
put unnecessary pressure on the team I
think a lot of people expect us to do
really well a lot of the analysts and
preseason rankings put us in first and
second so the expectations are already
out there you know my own personal
expectation is very high I really want
to go to Worlds and I think this might
be the year that we do that and we might
do really well so my expectations are
very high and that that's something I
can't control and I wish I wish they
weren't but they are and I'm excited and
I want us to show what we've got out
there on the rift and I think that we
did that today for those that don't know
can you talk a little bit about you know
the interview you did with Holly you
guys made a bet I think charity bed
before this so what what were the terms
of that bet so it was completely just
happenstance on stage and Andy ended up
saying something about a $5,000 bet so
you know my pure instinct was okay let's
double it and then after that he added
you know another 5k so we just said hey
$15,000 let's the money you know whoever
loses has to pay up to the charity of
the winner's choice and we actually had
invited City Year who we've been doing a
lot of work with over the last three
years to come to the event and they
brought five of their members and they
were sitting in the front row and so
they got to see see I guess Andy is
gonna write a check of and then send it
over to them pretty soon very good well
hey I know you've got people to go so
I'll just ask you one more question I
follow both you and Annie on Instagram
you guys hang out all the time or at the
gym and Andy loves to give you a ton of
shit I tried to get both of you guys to
commit to doing this interview
you committed a couple days ago and he
said maybe and as we were doing starting
setting up for this interview I saw him
drive away in a Lamborghini that he
apparently has he brought a Lamborghini
to LCS like we said at this whole like
meet-and-greet like thing and I mean
obviously not from any kind of world
championship winnings but for whatever
money he got and so what I ended up
doing is after the game I took a big
sign and I wrote paid by Steve on it and
I threw it on top of the car
do you have any words for Andy now that
you've beat him you know I think this is
this is a start of things to come I
think things are really gonna be proven
and playoffs and I'd love to kick him
out of playoffs that would feel
fantastic so Andy all this shit talk
that you've been making like it's coming
back at you and is gonna be on the rift
you're gonna lose very good thank you so
much for the interview Steve
congratulations for everyone also you
can check out their coverage right here
on my youtube channel
Travis is forcing me to stand out here
in the cold and wind to tell you to
subscribe to his stuff and thanks to
Omni slash